# GAN MNIST Project

This project demonstrates a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) trained on the MNIST dataset using TensorFlow. It includes the training of the GAN, as well as an API built with FastAPI to serve the trained models and generate new images.

## Project Structure

- `app.py`: The FastAPI application that serves the trained GAN models.
- `main.py`: The entry point for the FastAPI application.
- `requirements.txt`: Lists the project dependencies.

### Build Directory

- `build/`
  - `discriminator.keras`: Saved discriminator model.
  - `generator.keras`: Saved generator model.
  - `models/`
    - `models.py`: Contains classes for loading and using the models.

### Data Directory

- `data/`
  - `MNIST/raw/`: Contains raw MNIST dataset files.

### Images Directory

- `images/`: Contains images generated by the GAN during training.

### Logs Directory

- `logs/`: Contains logs of the training process.

### Models Directory

- `models/`
  - `discriminator/`
    - `discriminator.py`: Defines the discriminator model architecture.
  - `gan/`
    - `gan.py`: Defines the GAN model architecture.
  - `generator/`
    - `generator.py`: Defines the generator model architecture.

## Installation

To get started with this project, you need to install the dependencies. You can do this by running:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage
Running the FastAPI Server
Start the server:

```bash
uvicorn main:app --reload
```

## Access the API:

Open your browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs to see the API documentation.
API Endpoints
POST /generate/

Generates images using the trained GAN model.

## Request Body:

```json
{
  "batch_size": 10
}
```

## Response:
A list of generated images in base64 encoding.

## Training
If you want to train the GAN models, follow these steps:

## Prepare the data:
Make sure the MNIST dataset is in the data/MNIST/raw/ directory.

## Train the models:
Use the training scripts to train the generator and discriminator models. Save the models in the build/ directory.

## Acknowledgments
TensorFlow - Machine learning library used for building the GAN.
FastAPI - Web framework used for building the API.
MNIST Dataset - The dataset used for training the GAN.
